Refactor docs for the ROS Equipment entry (#5)
husarion/husarion_ugv_crsf_teleop: ROS_API.md

# ROS 2 API

## `husarion_ugv_crsf_interfaces`

Contains custom message definitions for the `husarion_ugv_crsf_teleop` node. Currently, it only contains the `LinkStatus` message.

## `husarion_ugv_crsf_teleop`

> Main package for controlling robots using a CRSF compatible remote control. A receiver should be connected to the robot's computer via USB-UART converter or be integrated as a hardware USB dongle. The CRSF protocol parser is implemented based on the following [specification](https://github.com/crsf-wg/crsf/wiki).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main package for controlling robots using a CRSF compatible remote control. A receiver should be connected to the robot's computer via USB-UART converter or be integrated as a hardware USB dongle. The CRSF protocol parser is implemented based on the following [specification](https://github.com/crsf-wg/crsf/wiki).
```

### Launch Files

> - `teleop.launch.py`: Launches crsf_teleop_node node. Automatically respawns node if it exits. Node's namespace can be set using the `namespace` launch argument. Custom parameters file can be provided by setting the `params_file` launch argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `teleop.launch.py`: Launches crsf_teleop_node node. Automatically respawns node if a remote controller is connected. A namespace of a node can be set using the `namespace` launch argument. A custom parameters file can be provided by setting the `params_file` launch argument.
```

### Configuration Files

- [`crsf_teleop_panther.yaml`](./husarion_ugv_crsf_teleop/config/crsf_teleop_panther.yaml): Sets default Panther robot parameter values for the crsf_teleop_node when `teleop.launch.py` is launched.
- [`crsf_teleop_lynx.yaml`](./husarion_ugv_crsf_teleop/config/crsf_teleop_lynx.yaml): Sets default Lynx robot parameter values for the crsf_teleop_node when `teleop.launch.py` is launched.

### ROS Nodes

#### crsf_teleop_node

Translates received CRSF commands to velocity commands for the robot.

The following channels are used for controlling the robot via the TX16S remote control:

- Channel 2 - Right gimbal up/down - forward/backward velocity
- Channel 4 - Left gimbal left/right - turning (angular) velocity
- Channel 5 - SF switch - emergency stop
- Channel 7 - SA switch (down position) - silence `cmd_vel` messages, allows other nodes to control the robot while enabling e_stop functionality
- Channel 11 - SG switch - tristate switch, selects robot speed

##### Publishes

- `cmd_vel` [*geometry_msgs/Twist*]: Publishes velocity commands to the robot.

> - `link_status` [*panther_crsf_teleop_msgs/LinkStatus*]: Describes radio link status between the remote control and the robot. Parameters are described in the [CRSF_FRAMETYPE_LINK_STATISTICS frame documentation](https://github.com/crsf-wg/crsf/wiki/CRSF_FRAMETYPE_LINK_STATISTICS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `link_status` [*panther_crsf_teleop_msgs/LinkStatus*]: Describes a radio link status between the remote control and the robot. Parameters are described in the [CRSF_FRAMETYPE_LINK_STATISTICS frame documentation](https://github.com/crsf-wg/crsf/wiki/CRSF_FRAMETYPE_LINK_STATISTICS).
```

##### Service Clients

- `hardware/e_stop_trigger` [*std_srvs/Trigger*]: Triggers an emergency stop.

> - `hardware/e_stop_reset` [*std_srvs/Trigger*]: Triggers an emergency stop reset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hardware/e_stop_reset` [*std_srvs/Trigger*]: Resets an emergency stop.
```
